feature(OCPP1.6): forward VendorWarning appropriately (#949)
EVerest/everest-core: modules/OCPP/doc.rst

The field **status** of the **StatusNotification.req** will be set to faulted only in case the error is of the special type  
**evse_manager/Inoperative**. The field **connectorId** is set based on the mapping (for EVSE id and connector id) of the origin of the error.  
If no mapping is provided, the error will be reported on connectorId 0. Note that the mapping can be configured per module inside the  
EVerest config file.

> For all other errors, raised in everest, the following mapping to an

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For all other errors, raised in EVerest, the following mapping to an
```

ocpp status notification will be used:

> * status notification charge point ``errorCode`` will always be
>   ``OtherError``
> * status notification ``status`` will reflect the present status of the
>   charge point
> * status notification ``info`` -> origin of everest error
> * status notification ``vendorErrorCode`` -> everest error type and
>   subtype (the error type is simplified, meaning, that its leading part,
>   the interface name, is stripped)
> * status notification ``vendorId`` -> everest error message

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* StatusNotification.req property ``errorCode`` will always be
  ``OtherError``
* StatusNotification.req property ``status`` will reflect the present status of the
  charge point
* StatusNotification.req property ``info`` -> origin of everest error
* StatusNotification.req property ``vendorErrorCode`` -> everest error type and
  subtype (the error type is simplified, meaning, that its leading part,
  the interface name, is stripped)
* StatusNotification.req property ``vendorId`` -> everest error message
```
